so sailors who are failing Thio to do their their task because of grief,
sometimes just kind of need a quote unquote reset. Maybe this is
an opportunity for them to take some vacation takes. Um, leave. Maybe
there is a place that you can move them to distract them from their
job. But be careful, because sometimes when you take people out of
a familiar environment, it makes things worse. It makes them feel like
they're being punished. Um, too so really be open to different suggestions
from them. But to understand that that you are there to support
them, that you are there and able to provide resource is for
them, but they could give them that space that they need.